Whats up you guys my name is Reuben and thank you for making it out today... Like you had a choice

	I'm here accompanied with my Team: Carla, Mariana, and Andy.

	Today we will analyze a company that really needs no introduction.

* Next slide *

Dispite Tesla's popularity it is well known that the company as a business is burning cash like its nobody's business.

	Production issues, 

	profitiability issues, 
	
	and technology issues.

* Next slide *

This is a graph pulled by Yahoo Finance. 

	The blue line the S&P500 and the red line is Tesla Motors.

	What this says is if you bought a piece of Tesla 5 years ago, you would have recognized a 240% return on your investment, today

	What it also says... is that the market thinks that Tesla Motors more valuable than the average company...

But wait minute... didn't we just say Tesla Motors is burning cash like its nobodys business? 

* Next slide *
	
	Those are two contradictory ideas.

	How is it that a company, which is not making any money, is outperforming the market average by 170 percent?

* Next slide *

Isnt that interesting?

	It is this contradiction is why we chose to look at this company... so lets look at the data

* Next slide *

So here is our data sources:

	We want to see how the company is performing on the books; so we extracted 10-Q's which are are mandatory quarterly financial statements enforced by the law.

	We looked at the market sentiment, by downloading closing prices from Yahoo Finance.

	And finally we looked at public sentiment, by extracting relevant twitter activity using Vader.

The first data set you'll be looking at are Earnings and market reaction:

	Operating income is simply revenue minus expenses; before interest and taxes. 

		This will 'tell' you how profits business really is.

			In this case it is not; Of 9 observations, over two years, it only saw 1 profitable quarter.

			Market reaction to the release public data seems to have no real relationship.

	CF From Operations is simply how the comapny is using cold hard cash.

		This will tell you if they really are burning through cash.

		and of 9 observations, a little over two years they burned cash 6


	We want to look at financials primarily because we want to get our head around this company before we even think about owning it's stock


